hello everybody welcome to another
episode of some one day today we are
going to do in our review but this time
it's not scary real but we are going to
do about bearings so what is very let me
show you a picture what a bearing is
made of Ernest as you can see this is a
bearing a Perry is in the middle of this
game without the bearings your bill
cannot move
imagine the screw inside this view of
nothing but the plastic rim of the wheel
how many friction is it in the cost with
other friction going on mount heat and
saw energy generator I thought that we
can speak properly at all so to reduce
friction
people have actually come up with very
great idea and put bearings inside the
skin okay fairies that we use it's ball
bearings these ball bearings are usually
made from machines and other mechanical
purposes but rest Polly the guy who
invented the inline skates actually use
this idea and put it into an ice skating
a lot of problems occur when it comes to
very because last time people used to
make all kinds of bearings so this
comedian chief for Mom together and say
okay look we are going to achieve set
the standard for bearing when you new
make merry new follow this specific
standards so with the power rating
called a back rating for more
information about evaluating another
experiment because you take a long time
to explain
there's a link below in the description
and you'll be able to find a link for
all history of a bank with this fish of
the event what group was a male
oh maybe for basket oh I won I won Dubai
Ramar requesting but our ff5 who
actually know what you are selling 20
cent whatever part because a bet doesn't
mean speed and FX and AV doesn't mean
the lifespan of a very go
eBay is just a range of specification is
tolerance you can see in the picture get
the ball and outer cage bearing yourself
this should be some space because
there's no way the ball bearing is made
in such a diameter as C is the same as
the gap between the outer ring and you
know Eric that's not possible
the a bag retention rate the tolerance
of how much space the ball and outer
ring hand let's get less vibration so of
course apparently there will be a smooth
ER rotation during during the process
the bangle so actually I only rate the
tolerance of the baby doesn't rate speed
it doesn't rate jewelry T it doesn't
rate
what kind of lubrication is used
when you buy avec ff5 fairy it just
means a yellow better tolerance or then
FFG berry means is made more precise so
does it mean that everyone is slower a
vampire or does it mean that a bat one
can be fascinated by actually everyone
definite can be posted in a fight but
ff5 is made with more pollution with
lower tolerance in the difference of the
size of the mulberry if I doesn't break
anything
you just breathe so how is it gonna be
possible and goodbye
Oh Perry that is maple trees getting but
if it doesn't break the speech soon what
you can do that's why our company type
in a Swiss berry as clear they have
their own set of testing doing the
process by by the a Makino marry and
they actually specified in their product
now there's a new team called il Cunha
because ilq9 is different for effect it
doesn't follow the specification of a
mecha home what I do is they make up
instead of specification
or their own babies and sanity is me we
satisfy where can i lq 9 lq 7 this very
are more recognized
because the process of it being quality
checking on the smaller size for more
information - is also in the description
because I'm not going to explain
thank you for watching next time we will
make even more reviews but I still think
obviously I will hope that you can
comment
comment section and tell us what our
review